Update acknowledgements (#944)
spiceai/spiceai: acknowledgements.md

> # Open Source Acknowledgements\n\nSpice.ai acknowledges the following open source projects for making this project possible:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Open Source Acknowledgements

Spice.ai acknowledges the following open source projects for making this project possible:
```

> # Open Source Acknowledgements\n\nSpice.ai acknowledges the following open source projects for making this project possible:\n\n

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Open Source Acknowledgements\n\nSpice.ai acknowledges the following open source projects for making this project possible:

```
